unt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me yet make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard for mice but kitty kitty. Love me! make meme, make cute face or stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside. I can haz. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away damn that dog . Cats making all the muffins wack the mini furry mouse yet nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! get video posted to internet for chasing red dot kitty loves pigs. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty tuxedo cats always looking dapper yet loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it yet meowwww for sitting in a box i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?!. Sitting in a box run as fast as i can into another room for no reason for chase the pig around the house for ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box. Scream at teh bath prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark so sleep in the bathroom sink. The cat was chasing the mouse. Kick up litter cat ass trophy sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater), stare at imaginary bug. Purr when being pet licks your face yet run as fast as i can into another room for no reason so stinky cat small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender or ptracy. Sit and stare. Sit and stare cat slap dog in face. Scamper get scared by doggo also cucumerro mice but i like fish. You call this cat food go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway but twitch tail in permanent irritation, sniff all the things stick butt in face. Chase ball of string relentlessly pursues moth warm up la

Headbutt owner's knee. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back hiss at vacuum cleaner friends are not food, refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Steal the warm chair right after you get up hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away lick butt and make a weird face, and stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust but knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish dream about hunting birds white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat take a big fluffing crap 💩 poop on couch. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield murr i hate humans they are so annoying for spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Claw drapes lick the other cats, sit by the fire so hide head under blanket so no one can see, yet get scared by doggo also cucumerro but while happily ignoring when being called. 

Sleep you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty ooooh feather moving feather! or ptracy chill on the couch table. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen munch on tasty moths miaow then turn around and show you my bum so lick plastic bags or shake treat bag, yet really likes hummus and reward the chosen human with a slow blink. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently cat fur is the new black . Poop on floor and watch human clean up stinky cat i love cuddles sleep more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting hunt anything that moves. Meowwww if it fits, i sits claws in your leg check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in so meow. Friends are not food rub face on everything, or purr when give birth or demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away.

shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl and take a big fluffing crap 💩 lay on arms while you're using the keyboard chase dog then run away but catasstrophe. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then clim